Add verification of llama model access in first_finetune_tutorial.rst (#650)
pytorch/torchtune: docs/source/examples/first_finetune_tutorial.rst

For this tutorial, you're going to use the `Llama2 model from Meta <https://llama.meta.com/>`_. Llama2 is a "gated model",
meaning that you need to be granted access in order to download the weights. Follow `these instructions <https://huggingface.co/meta-llama>`_ on the official Meta page

> hosted on Hugging Face to complete this process. (This should take less than 5 minutes.) To verify that you have the access, go to the `model page <https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-hf/tree/main>`_. You should be able to see the model files. If not, accept the agreement in that page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hosted on Hugging Face to complete this process. (This should take less than 5 minutes.) To verify that you have the access, go to the `model page <https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-hf/tree/main>`_. You should be able to see the model files. If not, you may need to accept the agreement to complete the signup process.
```
